
Updates for 3-21-2024:
	After you guys left I figured out Matteo was right the .hex file was in decimal and wasn't responding
	to the "$readmemh" obv, I tried "$readmemd" which compiled but the model sim didn't recognize the function
	I reverted to "$readmemh" and created a new file called testHEXdata.hex. (for some reason won't open
	in Quartis must be opened separately in Notepad) where I input some test values. It works and stores all 
	values in the array. I have them in two hex digits but you can change it to 8. I tested different
	values and it still worked.								

												-Sean																		
Updates for 3-25-2024:	
	Worked On the RAM and changed the testbench to be able to change the address, the address needed to be 8'b instead
	Of hex in a new file. Added some print statements for when you run the model sim. The Wren signal will act properly
	in the test bench but will not be propagated properly to the RAM module, tried a few things but couldn't get it to work.
	If the signal propagates everything should be set up to allow reading and writing to the RAM
																									
												-Sean
Updates for 3-26-2024:			
	Turns out the datapath initialization was incorrect, so fixed that, after I updated the bus adding RAMout as the enable
	to the bus and BusMuxInRam for the import from the RAM. Didn't want to do timings so RAM initialization still uses MDataIn
	It will take data and have the correct Wren. We updated the testbench for the RAM but the timings are still slightly off.
	So it won't engage Wren in time and the MdataIn will revert to 0 from its previous value. It then loads 0 into the 
	memory[address] instead of the correct value. Other than that, I should be able to read and write into a memory array acting as RAM
	just need the correct timings, I tried for 30 min but it was 1 am and I gave up :)
																									
												-Sean 
Updates for 3-26(2)-2024:																									
	-I tried to connect The ram to the bus instead of directly from MdataIn.It did not work and I got kicked out of ILC before I could 
	Fully figure it out, think it has something to do with the bus/ datapath for RAMin, and RAMout not being set up properly
																									
												-Sean
Updates for 3-26-2024:																									
	-Integrated select and encode logic and (theoretically) it works. What still does not work is our IR data value, which is not output properly from the TBIR to the waveforms,
	Just showing "xxxxxxxxxx". This is the first order of business.
																									
												-Name

Updates for __-__-____:																									
	-Just write what you did if solo work so the team can catch up.															
																									
												-Name
